Update the instructions for manually creating a GKE cluster to disable automatic node upgrades (#1140)
googleforgames/agones: site/content/en/docs/Installation/_index.md

A [cluster][cluster] consists of at least one *cluster master* machine and multiple worker machines called *nodes*: [Compute Engine virtual machine][vms] instances that run the Kubernetes processes necessary to make them part of the cluster.

{{% feature expiryVersion="1.1.0" %}}
```bash
gcloud container clusters create [CLUSTER_NAME] --cluster-version=1.12 \
  --tags=game-server \
  --scopes=gke-default \
  --num-nodes=4 \
  --machine-type=n1-standard-4
```
{{% /feature %}}
{{% feature publishVersion="1.1.0" %}}
```bash
gcloud container clusters create [CLUSTER_NAME] --cluster-version=1.12 \
  --tags=game-server \
  --scopes=gke-default \
  --num-nodes=4 \

>   --no-enable-autoupgrade \

Reviewer: Any reason we can't add this to the current documentation? There's no downside to setting `--no-enable-autoupgrade` at this stage, is there?

Author: No particular reason. Since it'll be published in less than a week anyway we can just push it live right away.

  --machine-type=n1-standard-4
```
{{% /feature %}}

Flag explanations:

* cluster-version: Agones requires Kubernetes version 1.12.
* tags: Defines the tags that will be attached to new nodes in the cluster. This is to grant access through ports via the firewall created in the next step.
* scopes: Defines the Oauth scopes required by the nodes.
* num-nodes: The number of nodes to be created in each of the cluster's zones. Default: 4. Depending on the needs of your game, this parameter should be adjusted.
{{% feature publishVersion="1.1.0" %}}

> * no-enable-autoupgrade: Disable automatic upgrades for nodes to reduce the liklihood of in-use games being disrupted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* no-enable-autoupgrade: Disable automatic upgrades for nodes to reduce the likelihood of in-use games being disrupted.
```

Author: done.

recommended for a production deployment.

{{% feature expiryVersion="1.1.0" %}}
```bash
gcloud container node-pools create agones-system \
  --cluster=[CLUSTER_NAME] \
  --node-taints agones.dev/agones-system=true:NoExecute \
  --node-labels agones.dev/agones-system=true \
  --num-nodes=1
```
{{% /feature %}}
{{% feature publishVersion="1.1.0" %}}
```bash
gcloud container node-pools create agones-system \
  --cluster=[CLUSTER_NAME] \
  --no-enable-autoupgrade \
  --node-taints agones.dev/agones-system=true:NoExecute \
  --node-labels agones.dev/agones-system=true \
  --num-nodes=1
```
{{% /feature %}}

_Optional_: Create a node pool for [Metrics]({{< relref "../Guides/metrics.md" >}}) if you want to monitor the Agones system using Prometheus with Grafana or Stackdriver.

{{% feature expiryVersion="1.1.0" %}}
```bash
gcloud container node-pools create agones-metrics \
  --cluster=[CLUSTER_NAME] \
  --node-taints agones.dev/agones-metrics=true:NoExecute \
  --node-labels agones.dev/agones-metrics=true \
  --num-nodes=1
```
{{% /feature %}}
{{% feature publishVersion="1.1.0" %}}
```bash
gcloud container node-pools create agones-metrics \
  --cluster=[CLUSTER_NAME] \

>   --no-enable-autoupgrade \

Reviewer: Do we need this here? If grafana/prom restart, is that a bad thing?

Author: I'm not sure if it's a bad thing. But if we've disabled it on the primary node pool and the agones system node pool, we might as well do it for this single node as well so that the whole cluster is running one version on all nodes. It also prevents drift where the cluster will end up in a state that we haven't tested (since we only test on a single k8s version).

  --node-taints agones.dev/agones-metrics=true:NoExecute \
  --node-labels agones.dev/agones-metrics=true \
  --num-nodes=1
```
{{% /feature %}}

Flag explanations:

* cluster: The name of the cluster in which the node pool is created.
{{% feature publishVersion="1.1.0" %}}

> * no-enable-autoupgrade: Disable automatic upgrades for nodes to reduce the liklihood of in-use games being disrupted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* no-enable-autoupgrade: Disable automatic upgrades for nodes to reduce the likelihood of Agones components being disrupted.
```

Author: done.
